docs(blueprints): improve description of blueprint (#37)
equinor/dm-docs: docs/docs/concepts/blueprints.md

      "type": "dmss://system/SIMOS/BlueprintAttribute",
      "attributeType": "string"
    },
    {
      "name": "carModel",
      "type": "dmss://system/SIMOS/BlueprintAttribute",
      "attributeType": "string"
    },
    {
      "name": "registrationNumber",
      "type": "dmss://system/SIMOS/BlueprintAttribute",
      "attributeType": "string"
    }
  ]
}
```

What can we read out of this code?

- Line 2 contains the name of the blueprint, which is used when referring to this blueprint.
- Line 3 contains the type of the blueprint. The word `type` carries some extra meaning in the Development Framework since it tells us which blueprint a blueprint or entity is implementing. In this case, it tells us that this JSON object is of type [dmss://system/SIMOS/Blueprint][Blueprint], and will therefore have attributes such as `name`, `type`, `description` and `attributes`. If you open the URL, you can see that it links to a blueprint with name Blueprint and type `dmss://system/SIMOS/Blueprint`. That means that the Blueprint blueprint actually implements itself!
- Line 4 contains the description of the blueprint, which tells us that this blueprint can be used to describe a car.

> - Line 5 to 21 list the attributes of the blueprint - `type`, `carModel` and `registrationNumber`. All entities implementing this blueprint must have these three attributes, and only them. An attribute definition is always an implementation of the [dmss://system/SIMOS/BlueprintAttribute][BlueprintAttribute], hence the type.

Reviewer: Is this easier to understand?
```suggestion
- Line 5 to 21 list the attributes of the blueprint - `type`, `carModel` and `registrationNumber`. All entities of type `Car` must have these three attributes, and only them. An attribute definition is always an implementation of the [dmss://system/SIMOS/BlueprintAttribute][BlueprintAttribute], hence the type.
```

Author: Not sure. The way we refer to a blueprint is a bit confusing (ie why `Car` and not `Car.blueprint.json`). I added a comment about it later on, but I'm not sure explicitly assuming the reader understands it at this point is wise.

## What is an entity?

An entity populates the attributes of the blueprint with real values.

An entity of the `Car` blueprint described above can look like this:

```json showLineNumbers title="car.entity.json"
{
  "type": "./Car",
  "carModel": "Skoda Octavia",
  "registrationNumber": "AB12345"
}
```

> Notice how the `type` attribute refers to the name attribute of the blueprint we wrote above? For more info about how to reference blueprints, see [References to other blueprints](#references).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice how the `type` attribute refers to the name attribute of the blueprint we wrote above? For more info about how to reference blueprints, see [References to other blueprints](#references).

We can see that all attributes in the entity ("type", "carModel", and "registrationNumber") are defined in the Car blueprint's attributes list. 
```

Author: Rewritten slightly and added

The `name` should reflect what the model is, and should be written in camel case.

For blueprints, the `type` should be a reference to [`system/SIMOS/Blueprint`][Blueprint], which is the Blueprint that is used to describe all other blueprints.

For each blueprint attribute, the `type` should be a reference to [`system/SIMOS/BlueprintAttribute`][BlueprintAttribute], which is the Blueprint that describe the attributes for Blueprints.

### system/SIMOS/Blueprint

Has the following attributes, where `name` and `type` is required.

| Attribute   | Type                              | Description                                                                                                     |
| ----------- | --------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| type        | string                            | A reference to the Blueprint type.                                                                              |
| name        | string                            | The name of the blueprint                                                                                       |

> | description | string                            | More information about the model                                                                                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| description | string                            | More information about the blueprint                                                                                |
```

> | extends     | string                            | A list of references to other blueprints. The blueprint will inherit attributes from the referenced blueprints. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| extends     | string                            | A list of references to other blueprints. The blueprint will inherit all attributes from the blueprint(s) it extends from. |
```

| name          | string   | Name of the attribute.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| type          | string   | A reference to the BlueprintAttribute type.                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| description   | string   | Extra information                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| attributeType | string   | The attribute type. Can be a reference to another blueprint, or a primitive type (string, integer, number, boolean).                                                                                                                                                 |

> | dimensions    | string   | Degree of dimensions, formatted as a comma separated list of integers or `*`. `*`(wildcard) has the special meaning of "unfixed size". Ex: `*` (1D of infinite length), `2,2` (2D of size 2x2), `3,*` (2D, where the inner array have infinite length)               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| dimensions    | string   | Degree of dimensions, formatted as a comma separated list of integers or `*`. The `*` (wildcard) has the special meaning of "unknown length". Ex: `*` (1 dimensional array of unknown length), `2,2` (2 dimensional array of size 2x2), `3,*` (2 dimensional array, where the inner array have unknown length and the outer array have length 3)               |
```

| optional      | boolean  | If the attribute is optional or required                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| contained     | boolean  | Can be used for non-primitive attributes to describes the conceptual belonging of one entity to another. A contained attribute is owned by the document listing it, and will be deleted alongside its parent. An uncontained attribute is owned by another document. |
| enumType      | string   | Can be used as an extra limitation on primitive attributes. Ex: Setting attributeType to string and enumType to [dmss://system/SIMOS/enums/StorageTypes][StorageTypes] will limit the valid options to "default", "blob", "video", "large" and "veryLarge".          |

## References to other blueprints {#references}

It is possible to reference other blueprint from the `type`, `extends`, `attributeType`, and `_blueprintPath_` attributes.

There are several ways to describe a reference to other blueprints, all of which are understood and resolved during import.

> Note that the reference is created using the name attribute of the blueprint you want to refer to, not its filename. Ie "Car", not "Car.blueprint.json".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the reference is created using the name attribute of the blueprint you want to refer to, not its filename. I.e. "Car", not "Car.blueprint.json".
```
